There's a tremendous difference between alone and lonely. You could be lonely in a group of people. I like being alone. I like eating by myself. I go home at night and just watch a movie or hang out with my dog. I have to exert myself and really say, oh God, I've got to see my friends 'cause I'm too content being by myself.
Drew Barrymore
No one really wants to admit they are lonely, and it is never really addressed very much between friends and family. But I have felt lonely many times in my life.
Bill Murray
Always give a word or sign of salute when meeting or passing a friend, or even a stranger, if in a lonely place.
Tecumseh
Who knows what true loneliness is - not the conventional word but the naked terror? To the lonely themselves it wears a mask. The most miserable outcast hugs some memory or some illusion.
Joseph Conrad
To fulfill a dream, to be allowed to sweat over lonely labor, to be given a chance to create, is the meat and potatoes of life. The money is the gravy.
Bette Davis
The capacity for not feeling lonely can carry a very real price, that of feeling nothing at all.
Doug Coupland
I have so many different personalities in me and I still feel lonely.
Tori Amos
Even cats grow lonely and anxious.
Mason Cooley
No man is lonely eating spaghetti; it requires so much attention.
Christopher Morley
The snow itself is lonely or, if you prefer, self-sufficient. There is no other time when the whole world seems composed of one thing and one thing only.
Joseph Wood Krutch
It is a lonely existence to be a child with a disability which no-one can see or understand, you exasperate your teachers, you disappoint your parents, and worst of all you know that you are not just stupid.
Susan Hampshire
The more you stay in this kind of job, the more you realize that a public figure, a major public figure, is a lonely man.
Richard M. Nixon
Unless we love and are loved, each of us is alone, each of us is deeply lonely.
Mortimer Adler
The sea is everything. It covers seven tenths of the terrestrial globe. Its breath is pure and healthy. It is an immense desert, where man is never lonely, for he feels life stirring on all sides.
Jules Verne
A slug is always on its own. It's a lonely insect.
Karl Pilkington
They are the only people in the world who I can truly trust and rely on. Touring gets really lonely. I guess I have friends around me but when you're paying them can they ever really be true friends?
Kelly Osbourne
Only the lonely know the way I feel tonight.
Roy Orbison
Absolutely lonely people have few personal interactions of any kind.
Martha Beck
Nothing makes us so lonely as our secrets.
Paul Tournier
I was very depressed when I was 19... I would go back to my apartment every day and I would just sit there. It was quiet and it was lonely. It was still. It was just my piano and myself. I had a television and I would leave it on all the time just to feel like somebody was hanging out with me.
Lady Gaga
There's no story if there isn't some conflict. The memorable things are usually not how pulled together everybody is. I think everybody feels lonely and trapped sometimes. I would think it's more or less the norm.
Wes Anderson
I don't have time for superficial friends. I suppose if you're really lonely you can call a superficial friend, but otherwise, what's the point?
Courteney Cox
True artists are prophets. I don't want to be that prophetic in that sense because it's so lonely.
Yoko Ono
I'm perpetually lonely.
Lady Gaga
It is a very lonely life that a man leads, who becomes aware of truths before their times.
Thomas Reed
If you are lonely when you are alone, you are in poor company.
Bryant H. McGill
There is pleasure in the pathless woods, there is rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar; I love not Man the less, but Nature more.
George Byron
Living the past is a dull and lonely business; looking back strains the neck muscles, causing you to bump into people not going your way.
Edna Ferber
It is very lonely sometimes, trying to play God.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
If you are afraid of being lonely, don't try to be right.
Jules Renard
Share with your Friends
Everyone likes a good quote - don't forget to share.
