Larry King's show got to be an increasingly lonely outpost of humane civility in a mephitic menagerie of hotheads, saber rattlers, cretins and crackpots.
Tom Shales
For whoever is lonely there is a tavern.
Georg Trakl
I think, as you're growing up, your emotions are just as deep as they are when you're an adult. You're ability to feel lonely, longing, confused or angry are just as deep. We don't feel things more as we get older.
Spike Jonze
I get lonely when I'm a Playstation widow.
Ashley Judd
Traveling as much as I do, I get lonely sometimes. I have friends now in cities all over the world, so I get to be social, but it's hard to have the deep meaningful relationships, especially an intimate one. With my guy friends, I can show up once a month and go to dinner with them and they're happy.
Blake Mycoskie
Without siblings you get quite a skewed vision of yourself and of the world. I always felt I didn't understand how it worked. I remember feeling quite lonely.
Kate Atkinson
I'm never getting too lonely because it's the kind of disease where you might sit in front of the TV with three bags of biscuits, rather than communicate with the world.
Geri Halliwell
I don't have a sidekick - no Ed McMahon. So when I go out there, I'm lonely. It's scary.
Carson Daly
An actor's life is fairly lonely.
Melissa Leo
Modeling is a lonely business... You don't speak. You don't really portray anything but an image... the business is so superfluous about dealing with the outside, it messes with your mind.
Kim Alexis
The difference with football is you're out on the pitch, you feel as though you can do something about it, or score a goal. But when that horse goes down to post as an owner you have no involvement whatsoever. It's a lonely old place in the stand. It's just down to man and beast.
Michael Owen
LA's a very hard place to be unless you have people there that love you. It can be very, very lonely, and it can eat you up if you don't take care of yourself. In LA, nobody wants to talk to each other, everybody's giving each other catty looks.
Scarlett Johansson
On the other hand, I mean, that is what writers have always been supposed to do, was to rely on their own devices and to - I mean, writing is a lonely business.
Donna Tartt
Well, it's true that I've never been solitary, although I spend a lot of time alone. I've never felt lonely or been shy.
Richard E. Grant
I'm not afraid to be lonely at the top.
Barry Bonds
I need family support close because when you go to work, they are long days and it can get lonely.
Joe Lando
I have a film called 'A Lonely Place For Dying,' which is the most watched film on the Internet, over 3 million hits, more than any of Hollywood's films.
James Cromwell
But painting can be too lonely... I like being with people too much to have ever made that my life's work.
Marie Windsor
Fame always brings loneliness. Success is as ice cold and lonely as the North Pole.
Vicki Baum
Speaking up for America has become a lonely ordeal.
Maurice Saatchi
New York is tough on lonely people.
Michael Bergin
Writing is an incredibly lonely job.
R. A. Salvatore
I have to say that I have no regrets about my decision to become a priest or about the major directions my ministry has taken me... I have been and am happy as a priest, and I have never been lonely... I could have used a bit more solitude.
Andrew Greeley
I am never bored, never short of anything to do and I don't even ever feel lonely. I am quite gregarious and I get out and about a lot, but sometimes it is just wonderful to be on your own.
Simon Callow
Every crag and gnarled tree and lonely valley has its own strange and graceful legend attached to it.
Douglas Hyde
When I got '227' and broke out from the rest of the cast, I became a workaholic, and I was very lonely.
Jackee Harry
Writing is a very lonely occupation. To write you need to concentrate, to concentrate you need to lock yourself away. No distractions; you want your stream of thought uninterrupted.
Vikas Swarup
People are lonely. They want company and your book can provide them company and a little bit of hope. And there's nothing wrong with that.
Donald Miller
I can't really have any friends. It's sad, really. It's lonely. But that's how I am.
Randy Moss
If you write fiction, you're by yourself. There are certain advantages to that in that you don't have to explain anything to anybody. But when you get in with others who share the loneliness of the whole enterprise, you're not lonely anymore.
Denis Johnson
Share with your Friends
Everyone likes a good quote - don't forget to share.
