I've always dreamt of having some sort of undercover job. I think it's probably the coolest thing in the world, but ultimately a very lonely life.
Rashida Jones
When the Nobel Committee chose to honor me, the road I had chosen of my own free will became a less lonely path to follow.
Aung San Suu Kyi
I am happy as happiness goes, for a woman who has so many memories and who lives the lonely life of an actress.
Lillie Langtry
It's very lonely being a prominent black intellectual at an institution where you're the only prominent black intellectual. That was the model that was followed in the late 60s when black studies started. You'd get one here and one there and one here, like Johnny Appleseed.
Henry Louis Gates
But you see, that's the gilded prison of fashion. We're riding in private jets, and meantime I was so incredibly, painfully sad and lonely.
Janice Dickinson
Boxing is the toughest and loneliest sport in the world. You've got all the fans, lots of hangers-on jumping up and shouting different words. But when you actually go in the ring, it's a very lonely and scary place. It's just you and the other guy.
Frank Bruno
I've sold my soul for freedom. It's lonely but it's sweet.
Melissa Etheridge
Animals keep you company when you're really lonely. It helps because when you have a friend around who always likes you no matter what - it's harder to feel bad or down.
Aaron Carter
For the first time, I lived alone... in a luxury apartment on Sunset Strip. For a few days I loved the idea, but I got lonely and restless.
Patty Duke
'American Horror' is the debasement of the suburban family, the way a lonely kid would have imagined it in the Seventies.
Rob Sheffield
Being on the road is kind of lonely.
Dave Attell
It is usually expensive and lonely to be principled.
Paul Theroux
I've put in as many as 40 weeks a year on stage. It is lonely and restricted, as all artistic life must necessarily be.
Lillie Langtry
I've shut myself inside these walls, and I'm going to be a very lonely old lady if I'm not careful.
Danielle Steel
People don't realize it, but no one lives that rock and roll life 24-7. They think it's hundreds of bottles of champagne flowing and private jets and money. But there's a lot of time when you're traveling - time to think, time to be lonely. Sometimes it gets to you.
Lenny Kravitz
While I have felt lonely many times in my life, the oddest feeling of all was after my mother, Lucille, died. My father had already died, but I always had some attachment to our big family while she was alive. It seems strange to say now that I felt so lonely, yet I did.
Bill Murray
Oh, I do get lonely, yes.
Courteney Cox
I spend plenty of time in London and it doesn't scare me, but it's a lonely place, even if you've got friends there. My job takes me all around the world, meeting lots of interesting people. But I think if I couldn't get home, if I couldn't get back to what I consider my real life I'd be frightened.
Shirley Henderson
It's only lonely at the top if you forget all the people you met along the way and fail to acknowledge their contributions to your success.
Harvey Mackay
I suspect you've noticed that making art can be lonely.
Jenny Holzer
I'm not lonely, and I think that has a lot to do with what's on my bedside table rather than what's in my bed.
Michelle Williams
I would say, 'I'm alone, but I'm not lonely.' But I was just kidding myself.
Bruce Willis
Because of my childhood where I was constantly by myself, I always feel lonely. I have a lot of people that I absolutely love and I know love me but I can't get rid of that feeling of loneliness no matter who I'm with - even with my children.
Natalia Vodianova
Even if you're independent, I think you get lonely.
Mia Wasikowska
Maybe existence is ultimately a lonely thing.
Errol Morris
When Ke$ha tries to rap like L'Trimm, she sounds like any ordinary lonely teenage girl stuck in a nowhere town, singing along to her radio and dreaming of a party where she's the star. Ke$ha's greatness is that in her voice, you can hear both the loser girl and the star. All hail the Queen of Noi$e!
Rob Sheffield
Writing is a lonely job unless you're a drinker, in which case you always have a friend within reach.
Emilio Estevez
I have the best roommates in the world! It creates a fun sense of family... and that's really important to me. Things can get so lonely without it.
Kristen Bell
We're all outsiders in a way. We're all alone and can become very lonely.
Hugo Weaving
Writing is a lonely business.
Sherman Alexie
