That process by which you become a writer is a pretty lonely one. We don't have a group apprenticeship like a violinist might training for an orchestra.
Anne Rice
You know golf is very lonely. When I'm in the States, I feel like if I just think about Taiwan, my friends, my fans, I won't feel like I'm alone.
Yani Tseng
When people are lonely they stoop to any companionship.
Lew Wallace
I mean, any time an actress gets to work with another actress, it's like, 'Oh, there are two of us in a movie! How are you? Let's sit in the hair chair together!' We're lonely women.
Jennifer Garner
It's very lonely bringing up a child on your own.
Diane Abbott
For me, making films is about trying to work something out by myself in quite a lonely way. I find the whole thing very lonely really.
Andrea Arnold
In cities no one is quiet but many are lonely; in the country, people are quiet but few are lonely.
Geoffrey Fisher
I think if you alienate people and just focus on your work then it just becomes lonely and it's not fun anymore.
Julianne Hough
I wouldn't want them to feel lonely or outcast ever in any way. And no matter where they were in the world, I'd want them to always feel incredibly confident about who they were and proud.
Jennifer Beals
Touring gets really lonely.
Kelly Osbourne
The writer works in a lonely way.
Irwin Shaw
I've gone through long periods without being with someone and got a bit lonely, but not for a while.
Rufus Sewell
The road had the lonely times, but I kept myself busy.
Buck Owens
I myself am pathetically impressed when I meet writers of very long novels. How can they spend so many hundreds of hours at the miserable, lonely pastime of creating fiction?
Arthur Smith
You can be a little lonely because it's an individual sport.
Guy Forget
One of the things reading does, it makes your loneliness manageable if you are an essentially lonely person.
Jamaica Kincaid
Freedom is a lonely battle, but if the United States doesn't lead it - sometimes imperfectly, but mostly with honor - who will?
Cal Thomas
At that time, I feel sad, and I feel no one knows how hard I work and how many tears. They only know the score. At that time, I feel very lonely because no one understands since they haven't been world No. 1 before.
Yani Tseng
I'm an only child so am happy with my own company and I don't really get lonely.
Iain Banks
Music was my oxygen. It's what saved me from being a really lonely and scared teenager.
Corey Hart
I think people tend to see the bigger point, which is maybe not fitting in and feeling like you didn't have the childhood that you expected you would have, or that you felt lonely or struggled with drugs and alcohol or just that you were able to achieve your dreams.
Augusten Burroughs
As a person, I was born to give out my opinions. By giving out my opinions, I realize who I am. As long as I can communicate, I'm not so lonely. If I cannot travel, or do art, or have company, if they take away all my belongings, it doesn't matter at all.
Ai Weiwei
I have seen lonely people of advancing age, yet as constant as angels, keeping faith to those they loved who fell in wars that current generations, not having known them, cannot even forget. The sight of them moving hesitantly among the tablets and crosses is enough to break your heart.
Mark Helprin
But when you actually go in the ring, it's a very lonely and scary place. It's just you and the other guy.
Frank Bruno
She's lonely and wounded and very vulnerable and it really is a story about people at the heart of it all.
Emmy Rossum
I want to do good work, but having kids and a life outside of that is important, too. If you don't have anybody around who loves you, then what's it all for? You're just lonely in the end.
Josh Duhamel
I listen to a lot of '80s stuff, like 'Owner of a Lonely Heart,' by the group Yes. And Mr. Mister's 'Broken Wings.'
Timbaland
Most performers don't admit this, because it sounds negative and performers are not supposed to be negative, but when I was on the road, I was lonely.
Tom Glazer
I had a bad time in school in the first grade. Because I had been a rather lonely child on a farm, but I was free and wild and to be shut up in a classroom - there were 40 children on those days in the classroom, and it was quite a shock.
Beverly Cleary