It is strange to be known so universally and yet to be so lonely.
Albert Einstein
The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. If you try it, you will be lonely often, and sometimes frightened. But no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself.
Friedrich Nietzsche
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
Khalil Gibran
Let us touch the dying, the poor, the lonely and the unwanted according to the graces we have received and let us not be ashamed or slow to do the humble work.
Mother Teresa
As far as I knew white women were never lonely, except in books. White men adored them, Black men desired them and Black women worked for them.
Maya Angelou
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be.
Anne Frank
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
Wayne Dyer
Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely.
Erma Bombeck
I believe that you control your destiny, that you can be what you want to be. You can also stop and say, 'No, I won't do it, I won't behave his way anymore. I'm lonely and I need people around me, maybe I have to change my methods of behaving,' and then you do it.
Leo Buscaglia
If you are lonely when you're alone, you are in bad company.
Jean-Paul Sartre
Being the boss anywhere is lonely. Being a female boss in a world of mostly men is especially so.
Robert Frost
Yes, I guess you could say I am a loner, but I feel more lonely in a crowed room with boring people than I feel on my own.
Henry Rollins
A tramp, a gentleman, a poet, a dreamer, a lonely fellow, always hopeful of romance and adventure.
Charlie Chaplin
I have never found a companion that was so companionable as solitude. We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers. A man thinking or working is always alone, let him be where he will.
Henry David Thoreau
Being prime minister is a lonely job... you cannot lead from the crowd.
Margaret Thatcher
For now, I'm just going to hang out with these two smoking hotties and fly privately around the world. It might be lonely up here, but I sure like the view.
Charlie Sheen
The time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself.
Doug Coupland
When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone.
Tennessee Williams
People who lead a lonely existence always have something on their minds that they are eager to talk about.
Anton Chekhov
What loneliness is more lonely than distrust?
George Eliot
For in the end, freedom is a personal and lonely battle; and one faces down fears of today so that those of tomorrow might be engaged.
Alice Walker
The lonely become either thoughtful or empty.
Mason Cooley
If I'm such a legend, then why am I so lonely? Let me tell you, legends are all very well if you've got somebody around who loves you.
Judy Garland
We all have times when we go home at night and pull out our hair and feel misunderstood and lonely and like we're falling. I think the brain is such that there is always going to be something missing.
Jude Law
I like the idea of being alone. I like the idea of often being alone in all aspects of my life. I like to feel lonely. I like to need things.
Robert Plant
Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain.
Christopher Morley
It's lonely and cold on the top... lonely and cold.
Judy Garland
If I am a legend, then why am I so lonely?
Judy Garland
I've also seen that great men are often lonely. This is understandable, because they have built such high standards for themselves that they often feel alone. But that same loneliness is part of their ability to create.
Yousuf Karsh
