The best an American can look forward to is the lonely pleasure of one who stands at long last on a chilly and inhospitable mountaintop where few have been before, where few can follow and where few will consent to believe he has been.
George F. Kennan
I think there is a difference between Slate and Salon. I think we both serve important functions on the Internet. As more and more Websites disappear, I'm thankful Slate is still around because it makes things less lonely.
David Talbot
Out in the lonely woods the jasmine burns Its fragrant lamps, and turns Into a royal court with green festoons The banks of dark lagoons.
Henry Timrod
When you're away, I'm restless, lonely, Wretched, bored, dejected; only here's the rub, my darling dear, I feel the same when you're near.
Samuel Hoffenstein
Judging is a lonely job in which a man is, as near as may be, an island entire.
Abe Fortas
Writing can be a very solitary business. It's you sat at a desk typing words into a computer. It can get lonely sometimes and lots of writers live quite isolated lives.
Paul Kane
I'm very social, and in a place like New York, even if you're alone on the subway, you never feel lonely.
Ana Gasteyer
I've always lived in a city. I'm very social, and in a place like New York, even if you're alone on the subway, you never feel lonely.
Ana Gasteyer
Yes, but don't forget I also have the luxury of the worlds finest band when it gets lonely.
Adrian Belew
When I was younger, many of my romantic escapades were just a means of simply avoiding being by myself. I was afraid of feeling lonely, afraid I wouldn't know what to say to myself.
Michael Zaslow
How lonely it is going to be now on the Yellow Brick Road.
Ray Bolger
I don't socialize. I'm kind of a hermit. The life of an actor can be very lonely.
Peter Dinklage
The lonely wanderer, who watches by the seashore the waves that roll between him and his home, talks of cruel facts, material barriers that, just because they are material, and not ideal, shall be the irresistible foes of his longing heart.
Josiah Royce
I discovered that it was a lonely world being a solo artist. Then I started working with another solo artist, Rod Stewart, and he used to tell me how lonely he was!
Andy Taylor
When you move from a different country, it takes a while to make friends. I found myself being lonely a lot at first. In New Delhi, I had all my family. But Portland is one of those cities you can immerse yourself in and feel comfortable. People are so friendly.
Kunal Nayyar
I see creative-writing classes as some sort of AA meeting. It is more of a support group for people who write than an actual course in which you learn writing skills. This support group is extremely important because there is something very lonely about writing.
Etgar Keret
Baseball is a team game but, at the same time, it's a very lonely game: unlike in soccer or basketball, where players roam around, in baseball everyone has their little plot of the field to tend. When the action comes to you, the spotlight is on you but no one can help you.
Chad Harbach
Writing a book is a very lonely business. You are totally cut off from the rest of the world, submerged in your obsessions and memories.
Mario Vargas Llosa
My life has been enriched by excellent human relations, work and interests. I have never felt lonely.
Rita Levi-Montalcini
I'm very happy and lonely single old man - and bitter.
Chris Kirkpatrick
Pioneers may be picturesque figures, but they are often rather lonely ones.
Nancy Astor
If I only dated actresses, I'd be a very lonely man.
Joshua Jackson
I constantly try to reinvent my sensibilities and my ideas. I enjoy some of the satisfaction that I get when I feel good about what I've done. But the process is quite lonely and quite painful.
Vincent Gallo
Be first and be lonely.
Ginni Rometty
It's a dismally lonely business, writing.
Toni Cade Bambara
When I was a kid I feel lonely, I have not many friends. If you make a movie, then you can work with different kinds of people and make different kinds of friend. That's very important to me.
John Woo
I don't particularly enjoy standing alone and recording my own voice or my own stuff. It's sometimes fun to do for demos and stuff, but I really enjoy the social act of recording records, because writing it is so lonely. And it has to be.
Sondre Lerche
In reading, a lonely quiet concert is given to our minds; all our mental faculties will be present in this symphonic exaltation.
Stephane Mallarme
People in this world of superficial communication find themselves isolated and lonely and have difficult in talking about personal things that really matter to them.
Theodore Zeldin